hello welcome to West the gouging
Gloucester today I'm here to show you
the Nissan Note tech now this garbage
first register 2014 is a 1.5 diesel
engine come to a nicer metallic color
the vehicle is in tax bound a which
equates a zero road tax per year which
is always good as a combined two miles
per gallon of seventy eight point five
as well starting off with the front here
I can show you we have the down here we
have the front fog lights with the
chrome surround it does have daytime
running lights come to the body colored
bumpers as well moving around to the
side here we have the 16 inch alloy
wheels moving up slowly as you can see
we see the body colored wing mirrors and
door handles wing mirrors for the LED
indicator integrated inside moving round
we have the rear privacy glass as well
around the back this particular come
with ABS brake assist power assisted
steering front side airbags remote
central locking alarm and immobilizer
just here looking at the back a few
movie ends now as you see it right now
but we have an integrated 3rd high
bright light just top of the window
there back windscreen wiper let's open
up the boot as you can see inside the
boot we have a 60/40 split on the seats
for use of huge and storage and also
with this we have the flexi storage in
this and flexi storage system which
means everything can come out extra
storage underneath we pull it straight
back in again nice and easy plenty of
options for you there parcel shelf as
well but shape we open up and over that
just underneath here you will actually
see this car actually comes with a
Revere parking camera it's the camera
there doesn't need to boot much I'll
show you that inside moving around to
the side here
open up the back door here just as you
see on the back door here we have
electric windows in the back as well
chrome surround hand off then it is
storage down here as well we have one of
the six speakers integrated into the
door here as well as the other side just
inside here actually you can see very
spacious with Partlow that part cloth
interior trim
you do have three spacious seats over
three point seat belts head restraints
and if you're not using the third seat
we do have an armrest in the middle
there with double cup holder obviously
these two come with the isofix charity
preparation system indicated here on the
backs of drivers and passenger seats we
do have the mat pocket storage as well
now do you see as I'm stepping back
plenty of legroom and Headroom with the
vehicle moving around to the front okay
we just opened up the front here on the
driver's door me as we open up you can
see we have controls for all four
electric windows electric door locking
and electric window okay
we have a space in the door for storage
step back have a quick look in yeah okay
okay this vehicle comes with a system
called intelligent key which is this key
here obviously once you've open the
doors you can put your key down leaving
your pocket whatever needs to be and
just start the vehicle bring it all up
you need to put your foot on the clutch
push the stop start burn everything
comes to life very nice we do have a
Bluetooth phone integration system here
in this car as well with radio CD player
all situated here on the main control
obviously CD AM heart playing at the
moment that's if you do have a map which
will come with the SD card in the
vehicle when you buy the vehicle where
you can add navigation your map
information it is powered by Google
which you hook your phone up through as
well just down here we have the
automatic aircon system or climate
control with all the different settings
you can set for your car anytime you
want the a/c front rear your choice just
coming down the middle here which we
have double cup holder 5c swim
transmission make Everett have an eco
button just down here in the center with
door locking switch handbrake there's
some extra storage we also have the
12-volt accessory sport there as well
slowly moving up over here we have the
glove box very spacious just above the
Glocks box is the other compartment we
need to show you which houses your USB
port and aux inputs enough in space to
put your phone your iPod whatever you're
actually hooking up to the car system
this vehicle does come with a rear
parking camera which I'll quickly show
you okay basically the rear parking
cameras on the right hand side the left
hand side actually around view monitor
lets you see everything from the right
side left side your front your back
helps all those little tricky parking
spaces and along with the rear view
camera makes parking nice and easy
moving across quickly here just show you
the multifunction steering wheel where
we have the controls for answering in
the answering the telephone volume
controls the stereo or your CD whatever
music you thought playing menu control
switch through button on the right side
we have the cruise control the speed
limiter buttons with the trip computer
switches as well obviously do everything
in this car is sleek stylish and looks
very nice and if you like the vehicle
please preserve it online and you'd be
entitled an extra 75 pound discount if
you're looking for finer than look no
further than our dealer finance we can
constantly beat any bank or high street
lender so come on down to the showroom
and see our dedicated business manager
for a great deal and we'll see you soon
thank you for viewing our short video
and we hope you found it informative if
you would like more information or any
specific areas you would like to look at
in more detail please click the link so
we can send you a personalized extended
video to your specific requirements this
may take a few hours so please bear with
us that's but it's garages we pride
ourselves on our three pillars total
trust transparency and value for money
this alongside our a guarantee to beat
any bank or Building Society finance
quote means you can purchase with
confidence complimented by our high
levels of customer service is why 9 out
of 10 of our customers recommend us on
reivew